
<h1 align="center">
PS - Projective Simulation
</h1>
<!-- WARNING: THIS FILE WAS AUTOGENERATED! DO NOT EDIT! -->

Here we will build the new repo release of Projective Simulation. To do
so, we will use [`nbdev`](https://nbdev.fast.ai/). [This](https://fastai.github.io/jupytercon-2023/) is a nice tutorial on everything you need to learnd about it. I tried to simplify
as much as possible this repo in order to facilitate your contributions.
If you found this text, it means that you reached the github repo. Next
step is to clone the repo.
Then go to the cloned folder and run:

    pip install -e .

## Building the package

I added `nbdev` to the requirements, so you are now ready to add your
contributions to the PS library! To learn how, go to the two notebooks
you will find in `nbs/lib_nbs`.

## Webpage documentation

The documentation will directly be constructed from the notebooks you
generated. As the repo is currently private, you can only check it
locally. To do so, use the terminal to run:

    nbdev_preview

This will generate the current version of the docs in the port `4200`.
Go and check how that correlates to the notebooks!

## Tutorials

Aside of the documentation, it is also nice to give prospective users
some tutorials to understand how the different tools work. You can
include them in `nbs/tutorials`!

## Contributing

This is currently a template of what we want to build. Contribution's best practices will come soon. Before
merging your contributions, be sure to clean your notebooks from
unnecessary metadata. This is done by running `nbdev_clean` in the
terminal before you commit your changes! See the `nbdev` documentation for more.
